what I could see he took me to what
welcome back right Lynn yeah you bring
everything that makes Christmas special
Sparkle anticipation magic I thought the
band tonight have been fantastic yeah
well daddy Bruno well I think they've
invented the word twinkle toes for you
you're so light on your feet you're so
musical and you got more sparkle in
Trafalgar Square great I had truly
forgotten how amazing you really are
yes because we haven't seen him for a
while and that bounce an amazing
incredible but do you see that wasting
my time right what can I say the joy of
Christmas the joy of Strictly and the
joy of Darren dancing yes Craig Revel
Horwood